feat: Add OpenTelemetry setup function (#11)
famedly/famedly-rust-utils: README.md

Random rust utility functions and types

## Telemetry

For using this module the feature flag `telemetry` need to be added.
This module contains a set of helpers to work with OpenTelemetry logs, traces and metrics.

### Setup

For setup all that's needed it to run the function `famedly_rust_utils::famedly_rust_utils::telemetry::init_otel`. The function returns a guard that takes care of properly shutting down the providers.

> If no configuration is present the exporting of logs traces and metrics is disable and the stdout logging is enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no configuration is present the exporting of logs traces and metrics is disabled and the stdout logging is enabled.
```

The functions on the crate exporting opentelemetry traces should be annotated with `tracing::instrument` to generate a new span for that function. Documentation on this macro can be found on the [here](https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/attr.instrument.html)

The opentelemetry information is exported using gRPC to and opentelemetry collector. By default the expected endpoint is `http://localhots:4317`

> The default level of logging and traces is `info` and the default filter directive is `opentelemetry=off,tonic=off,h2=off,reqwest=info,axum=info,hyper=info,hyper-tls=info,tokio=info,tower=info,josekit=info,openssl=info`

Reviewer: This part is outdated, I suppose

```rust
#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {
  let _guard = init_otel(config).unwrap();

}
```

### Propagate the context

> A context can be propagated to allow linking the traces from two different services. This is done by injecting the context information on the request and retrieving it on the other service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A context can be propagated to allow linking the traces from two different services. This is done by injecting the context information into the request and retrieving it in another service.
```
Still not sure if this is gramatically correct :/

#### reqwest

> For injecting the current context using the reqwest client we can warp a client on a [reqwest-middleware](https://crates.io/crates/reqwest-middleware) and use the `OtelMiddleware` middleware present on the crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For injecting the current context using the reqwest client we can wrap a client in a [reqwest-middleware](https://crates.io/crates/reqwest-middleware) and use the `OtelMiddleware` middleware present in this crate.
```

```rust
use famedly_rust_utils::telemetry::OtelMiddleware;

let reqwest_client = reqwest::Client::builder().build().unwrap();
let client = reqwest_middleware::ClientBuilder::new(reqwest_client)
  // Insert the tracing middleware
  .with(OtelMiddleware::default())
  .build();
client.get("http://localhost").send().await;
```

### axum

For retrieving a context using axum we can use the `OtelAxumLayer` from [axum_tracing_opentelemetry](https://crates.io/crates/axum-tracing-opentelemetry)

> [!WARNING]
> This only seems to be working using the feature flag `tracing_level_info`. See the [issue](https://github.com/davidB/tracing-opentelemetry-instrumentation-sdk/issues/148)

This layer should run as soon as possible

```rust
use axum_tracing_opentelemetry::middleware::OtelAxumLayer;

Router::new().layer(OtelAxumLayer::default())

```

### Metrics

> For adding metrics all that it's needed it to make a trace with specific prefix. The documentation on how it works is [here](https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/latest/tracing_opentelemetry/struct.MetricsLayer.html#usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For adding metrics all that is needed is to make a trace with specific prefix. The documentation on how it works is [here](https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/latest/tracing_opentelemetry/struct.MetricsLayer.html#usage)
```

> For adding metrics to axum servers creates like [tower-otel-http-metrics](https://github.com/francoposa/tower-otel-http-metrics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For adding metrics to axum servers see crates like [tower-otel-http-metrics](https://github.com/francoposa/tower-otel-http-metrics)
```

```rust
use famedly_rust_utils::telemetry::OtelMiddleware;

let reqwest_client = reqwest::Client::builder().build().unwrap();
let client = reqwest_middleware::ClientBuilder::new(reqwest_client)
  // Insert the tracing middleware
  .with(OtelMiddleware::default())
  .build();
client.get("http://localhost").send().await;
```

### axum

For retrieving a context using axum we can use the `OtelAxumLayer` from [axum_tracing_opentelemetry](https://crates.io/crates/axum-tracing-opentelemetry)

> [!WARNING]
> This only seems to be working using the feature flag `tracing_level_info`. See the [issue](https://github.com/davidB/tracing-opentelemetry-instrumentation-sdk/issues/148)

This layer should run as soon as possible

```rust
use axum_tracing_opentelemetry::middleware::OtelAxumLayer;

Router::new().layer(OtelAxumLayer::default())

```

### Metrics

For adding metrics all that is needed is to make a trace with specific prefix. The documentation on how it works is [here](https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/latest/tracing_opentelemetry/struct.MetricsLayer.html#usage)

> For adding metrics to axum servers see creates like [tower-otel-http-metrics](https://github.com/francoposa/tower-otel-http-metrics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For adding metrics to axum servers see crates like [tower-otel-http-metrics](https://github.com/francoposa/tower-otel-http-metrics)
```

Author: I can't believe I forgot this one
